THE EMPIRE STRIKES BACK


				 Written by
     
                              Lawrence Kasdan 

                                    and 

                              Leigh Brackett

				   
                        From a story by George Lucas

					
					
					

EXT. GALAXY - PLANET HOTH

A Star Destroyer moves through space, releasing Imperial probe robots 
from its underside.  

One of these probes zooms toward the planet Hoth and lands on its ice-
covered surface.  An explosion marks the point of
impact.  

EXT. HOTH - METEORITE CRATER - SNOW PLAIN - DAY

A weird mechanical sound rises above the whining of the wind.  A 
strange probe robot, with several extended sensors, emerges from the 
smoke-shrouded crater.  The ominous mechanical probe floats across the 
snow plain and disappears into the distance.

EXT. PLAIN OF HOTH - DAY

A small figure gallops across the windswept ice slope.  The bundled 
rider is mounted on a large gray snow lizard, a Tauntaun.  Curving 
plumes of snow rise from beneath the speeding paws of the two-legged 
beast.

The rider gallops up a slope and reins his lizard to a stop.  Pulling 
off his protective goggles, Luke Skywalker notices something in the 
sky.  He takes a pair of electrobinoculars from his utility belt and 
through them sees smoke rising from where the probe robot has crashed.

The wind whips at Luke's fur-lined cap and he activates a comlink 
transmitter.  His Tauntaun shifts and moans nervously beneath him.

				LUKE
			(into comlink)
		Echo Three to Echo Seven.  Han, 
		old buddy, do you read me?

After a little static a familiar voice is heard.

				HAN
			(over comlink)
		Loud and clear, kid.  What's up?

				LUKE
			(into comlink)
		Well, I finished my circle.  I 
		don't pick up any life readings.

				HAN
			(over comlink)
		There isn't enough life on this 
		ice cube to fill a space cruiser.  
		The sensors are placed, I'm going 
		back.

				LUKE
			(into comlink)
		Right.  I'll see you shortly.  
		There's a meteorite that hit the 
		ground near here.  I want to check 
		it out.  It won't take long.

Luke clicks off his transmitter and reins back on his nervous lizard.  
He pats the beast on the head to calm it.

				LUKE
		Hey, steady girl.  What's the 
		matter?  You smell something?

Luke takes a small device from his belt and starts to adjust it when 
suddenly a large shadow falls over him from behind.  He hears a 
monstrous howl and turns to see an eleven-foot-tall shape towering over 
him.  It is a Wampa Ice Creature, lunging at him ferociously.

				LUKE
		Aaargh!

Luke grabs for his pistol, but is hit flat in the face by a huge white 
claw.  He falls unconscious into the snow and in a moment the terrified 
screams of the Tauntaun are cut short by the horrible snap of a neck 
being broken.

The Wampa Ice Creature grabs Luke by one ankle and drags him away 
across the frozen plain.

EXT. HOTH - REBEL BASE ENTRANCE - DAY

A stalwart figure rides his Tauntaun up to the entrance of an enormous 
ice cave.

INT. HOTH - REBEL BASE - MAIN HANGAR DECK

Rebel troopers rush about unloading supplies and otherwise securing 
their new base.  The rider, Han Solo, swings off his lizard and pulls 
off his goggles.

He walks into the main hangar deck toward the Millennium Falcon, which 
is parked among several fighters.  Mechanics, R2 units, and various 
other droids hurry about.  Han stops at the Millennium Falcon where his 
Wookiee copilot, Chewbacca, is welding on a central lifter.  Chewie 
stops his work and lifts his face shield, growling an irritated 
greeting to his boss.

				HAN
		Chewie!

The Wookiee grumbles a reply.

				HAN
		All right, don't lose your temper.
		I'll come right back and give you 
		a hand.

Chewbacca puts his mask back on and returns to his welding as Han 
leaves.

INT. HOTH - REBEL BASE - COMMAND CENTER

A makeshift command center has been set up in a blasted area of thick 
ice.  The low-ceilinged room is a beehive of activity. Controllers, 
troops, and droids move about setting up electronic equipment and 
monitoring radar signals.

General Rieekan straightens up from a console at Han's approach.

				RIEEKAN
		Solo?

				HAN
No sign of life out there, General.
The sensors are in place.  You'll 
know if anything comes around.

				RIEEKAN
		Commander Skywalker reported in yet?

				HAN
		No.  He's checking out a meteorite 
		that hit near him.

				RIEEKAN
			(indicates radar 
			 screen)
		With all the meteor activity in this
		system, it's going to be difficult 
		to spot approaching ships.

Taking a deep breath, Han blurts out what is on his mind.

				HAN
		General, I've got to leave.  I 
		can't stay anymore.

Princess Leia, standing at a console nearby, is dressed in a short 
white combat jacket and pants.  Her hair is braided across her head in 
a Nordic fashion.  She overhears their  conversation and seems somewhat 
distressed.

				RIEEKAN
		I'm sorry to hear that.

				HAN
		Well, there's a price on my head.
		If I don't pay off Jabba the Hut, 
		I'm a dead man.

				RIEEKAN
		A death mark's not an easy thing 
		to live with.  You're a good
		fighter, Solo.  I hate to lose you.

				HAN
		Thank you, General.

He turns to Leia as Rieekan moves away.

				HAN
			(with feeling)
		Well, Your Highness, I guess this 
		is it.

				LEIA
		That's right.

Leia is angry.  Han sees she has no warmth to offer him.  He shakes his 
head and adopts a sarcastic tone.

				HAN
			(cooly)
		Well, don't get all mushy on me.
		So long, Princess.

Han walks away into the quiet corridor adjoining the command center.  
Leia stews a moment, then hurries after him.